Free tier docs (#3084)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/satellites.md

## Getting started

### 1. Sign up for Earthly Cloud (free)

> Visit [Earthly Cloud](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) to create a free account and get started with Earthly Satellites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earthly Satellites is part of Earthly Cloud. You can use it for free as part of our free tier. Get started with Earthly Cloud by visiting the [sign up](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) page, and get 6,000 build minutes/month for free.
```

For more information on using satellites, see the [Using satellites page](./satellites/using.md).

### 4. Invite your team

> A final optional step is to invite your team to use the satellite. This can be done by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A final step is to invite your team to use the satellite. This can be done by running:
```
